in 2007 the world cancer research fund
in collaboration with top experts
world that study the relationship between
nutrition and cancer has compiled a
Decalogue based on scientific evidence
that is, laboratory and data
epidemiology collected in years of work
here are the ten commandments of health
which can help us to prevent the
cancer name luca middle age 24 years 27
years your ideal breakfast
I have to fuel in the morning and then
I make a light breakfast and snacks
they are full of new concept of everything
the day really starts big
and orange juice in Sicily then
replacing a centrifuged vegetable
rusks with a lot of
marmalade
this time the cherries your typical
day my day is busy
indeed from the bed
that couch and I sit women then eat
and I take a nice nap
I get up very early in the morning I go
a little run then I go back to work
I try to keep myself in shape twice
week I also go to the gym how many
sometimes eat 5 times 6 times a day
day like everyone I have breakfast
indeed three breakfast and lunch breakfasts
pre dinner dinner scene takes the precept
of dinner
apericena and then the classic future of
this bites us a good mouthful
breakfast a normal lunch a dinner
light but essential and what I have to do
a lot and when I do physical activity
more and more
no water because it rusts let's face it
I love bubbles and I am a person
really sparkling and then a small glass
every now and then as I wanted
luca you have been appointed 6 to the risk
cancer but you can still save yourself
Dear Luke, as you know, our grandparents
they ate much less than we and others
was higher calorie meals was who
performed physically much more work
tiring as my grandfather did
the farmer is exactly your style
rather sedentary and high-calorie life
puts you at risk first of all
obesity and excuse me said by me
it looks weird you see a little
ok but now the problem is you here
and secondly everything in the risk of
cancer
yes because so-called fried and so
fats such as hamburgers though
they are good I don't know that they are good but they do
bad for your body like the body
of all of us and so what should I do
first of all you could follow i
ten commandments of the world fund
for cancer research
keep you denny for life
so try to keep yours
full weight for life
just keep yourself physically active
every day he went to make a
jog a bit of sport limit the
consumption of very caloric foods ed
avoid consuming a lot of drinks
sweeten then avoid eating
junk drinks more water based
your food mainly on
therefore vegetable- derived foods such as
dinosaurs you have to be vegetarian
since certain teresa take us back
face more vegetables than we trust
just eat more fruit more towards
thanks limit consumption of red meat
and absolutely avoid the consumption of
preserved meats
try to avoid the use of
brewster cold cuts and derivatives hurt and
I can't do it you have to do it I don't know if
you have to do it because one
rule
limited consumption of alcoholic beverages
but even during meals try to drink
less wine or less beer
parma could be balanced into
exact balanced jess3 limit the
salt consumption ensure a supply
sufficient of all nutrients
essential through a few food
words eat a bit of everything eat
a bit of everything right about things
exact
breastfeed for at least 6 meters
understood who is that at the time of doubt
even if the disease is already contracted
follow the ten rules for the same
cancer food prevention i
ten commandments of the half vcr followed
the various airc tips of yours
health